
Our project is different than the listed competitors(https://piazza.com/class/k4xb0djrq1x1ei) since we are allowing our users to create posts anonymously. In the U of T community, we think that there are candidate users who would like to express their thoughts on our platform but stay anonymous at the same time. Our listed competitors are mostly forums that are created for specific courses, therefore they are not implemented in a privacy friendly way and are mostly used for Q/A purposes. Some of our users might value their privacy while using the platform, we are implementing our project in a way that takes privacy seriously. This is our major difference compared to our competitors.

Another major difference is that the discussion board that we want to create will be used for our users to extend their social network around the campus, but at the same time, it could still be used for academic purposes. Most posts on our website would not be academic-related, we expect our users to share their ideas, feelings even their daily lives on the website. Since our users are on the same campus and under the same educational environment, it is much easier to resonate with each other which would create lots of opportunities for social contacts.

Our target users are people who value their privacy and people who want to extend their social network. Discussion boards that we are using currently, it is not anonymous for professors and it is used for official academic purposes.

The potential reason that our competitors did not focus on these users might be that operating the forum for general purposes seems too complicated and time-consuming. In addition, completely anonymous may lead to some acts that violate the rules of the university such as posting answers on the website, even some illegal acts, for example, selling drugs on the website.